Half-arsed divelog software in C.

I'm tired of java programs that don't work etc.

License: GPLv2

You need libxml2-devel, gtk2-devel, glib-2.0 and GConf2-devel to build
this (and libusb-1.0 if you have libdivecomputer built with it, but then
you obviously already have it installed)

For debian/ubuntu distribution:
sudo apt-get install libxml2-dev libgtk2.0-dev  gconf2 libtool libgconf2-devl
 

You also need to have libdivecomputer installed, which goes something like this:

	git clone git://libdivecomputer.git.sourceforge.net/gitroot/libdivecomputer/libdivecomputer
	cd libdivecomputer
	autoreconf --install
	./configure
	make
	sudo make install

NOTE! You may need to tell the main Makefile where you installed
libdivecomputer if you didn't do it in the default /usr/local location.
I don't trust pkg-config for libdivecomputer, since pkg-config usually
doesn't work unless the project has been installed by the distro.

Just edit the makefile directly.  autoconf and friends are the devil's
tools.

Usage:

	make
	./subsurface dives/*.xml

to see my dives (with no notes or commentary).

Or, if you have a dive computer supported by libdivecomputer, you can
just do

	make
	./subsurface

and select "Import" from the File menu, tell it what dive computer you
have (and where it is connected if you need to), and hit "OK".

NOTE! There are often multiple models of dive computers that import
exactly the same way.  If you have a Suunto Gekko, for example, the
import function works fine - even if you don't find the Gekko listed
explicitly.  It has the same import engine as the older Suunto Vyper
(not "Vyper Air").

So check the (incomplete?) list of supported dive computers below, and
see which ones show up together.  If you have the "Aeris Elite T3", for
example, you'd notice that it's in the same group with the "Oceanic Atom
2", and use that choice to import.

Suunto:

 * Solution

 * Eon, Solution Alpha and Solution Nitrox/Vario

 * Vyper, Cobra, Vytec, Vytec DS, D3, Spyder, Gekko, Mosquito, Stinger and Zoop

 * Vyper2, Cobra2, Cobra3, Vyper Air and HelO2

 * D9, D6 and D4

Uwatec:

 * Aladin

 * Memomouse

 * Smart and Galileo (infrared)

Reefnet:

 * Sensus

 * Sensus Pro

 * Sensus Ultra

Oceanic, Aeris, Sherwood, Hollis, Genesis and Tusa (Pelagic):

 * VT Pro, Versa Pro, Pro Plus 2, Wisdom, Atmos 2, Atmos AI, Atmos
Elite, ...

 * Veo 250, Veo 180Nx, XR2, React Pro, DG02, Insight, ...

 * Atom 2.0, VT3, Datamask, Geo, Geo 2.0, Veo 2.0, Veo 3.0, Pro Plus 2.1,
Compumask, Elite T3, Epic, Manta, IQ-900 (Zen), IQ-950 (Zen Air),
IQ-750 (Element II), ...

Mares:

 * Nemo, Nemo Excel, Nemo Apneist, ...

 * Puck, Puck Air, Nemo Air, Nemo Wide, ...

 * Icon HD

Heinrichs Weikamp:

 * OSTC, OSTC Mk.2 and OSTC 2N

Cressi, Zeagle and Mares (Seiko):

 * Edy, Nemo Sport

 * N2iTiON3

Atomic Aquatics:

 * Cobalt


Implementation details:

  main.c     - program frame
  dive.c     - creates and maintaines the internal dive list structure
  libdivecomputer.c
  uemis.c
  parse-xml.c
  save-xml.c - interface with dive computers and the XML files
  profile.c  - creates the data for the profile and draws it using cairo

A first UI has been implemented in gtk and an attempt has been made to
separate program logic from UI implementation.

  gtk-gui.c  - overall layout, main window of the UI
  divelist.c  - list of dives subsurface maintains
  equipment.c - equipment / tank information for each dive
  info.c      - detailed dive info
  print.c     - printing

WARNING! I wasn't kidding when I said that I've done this by reading
gtk2 tutorials as I've gone along.  If somebody is more comfortable with
gtk, feel free to send me (signed-off) patches.

Just as an example of the extreme hackiness of the code, I don't even
bother connecting a signal for the "somebody edited the dive info"
cases.  I just save/restore the dive info every single time you switch
dives.  Christ! That's truly lame.

NOTE! Some of the dives are pretty pitiful.  All the last dives are from
my divemaster course, so they are from following open water students
along (many of them the confined*water dives).  There a lot of the
action is at the surface, so some of the "dives" are 4ft deep and 2min
long.

Contributing:

Please either send me signed-off patches or a pull request with
signed-off commits.  If you don't sign off on them, I will not accept
them. This means adding a line that says "Signed-off-by: Name <email>"
at the end of each commit, indicating that you wrote the code and have
the right to pass it on as an open source patch.

See: http://gerrit.googlecode.com/svn/documentation/2.0/user-signedoffby.html

Also, please write good git commit messages.  A good commit message
looks like this:

	header line: explaining the commit in one line

	Body of commit message is a few lines of text, explaining things
	in more detail, possibly giving some background about the issue
	being fixed, etc etc.

	The body of the commit message can be several paragrahps, and
	please do proper word-wrap and keep columns shorter than about
	74 characters or so. That way "git log" will show things
	nicely even when it's indented.

	Reported-by: whoever-reported-it
	Signed-off-by: Your Name <youremail@yourhost.com>

where that header line really should be meaningful, and really should be
just one line.  That header line is what is shown by tools like gitk and
shortlog, and should summarize the change in one readable line of text,
independently of the longer explanation.
