Do not translate this file.
This just tries to collect some of the terms you will run into
when translating Subsurface

SAC		 Surface equivalent air consumption
		 The air consumed during a dive at different
		 depth is adjusted for depth/pressure to give
		 an easy to understand air consumption number

OTU		 Oxygen Toxicity Unit - a measurement how O₂
		 negatively impacts the lung tissue. This number
		 has no unit, the values are rather abstract

CNS		 Central Nervous System Oxygen Toxicity - a
		 measurement how O₂ negatively impacts the
		 central nervous system - this is a percentage
		 or a number <= 1

maxCNS		 the highest CNS value during a dive

pO₂, pN₂, pHe	 These are all partial pressures of the three
		 gases Oxygen (O₂), Nitrogen (N₂) and Helium (He).

O₂%, He%	 The fraction of Oxygen and Helium in a gas.
		 The partial pressure is therefore the pressure
		 of the gas times the fraction of the specific
		 component. E.g. a gas with O₂% = 30 (also called
		 30% Nitrox or EAN30) at 30m depth (where the
		 pressure is 4atm) therefore has a PO₂ of
		 4 * 0.30 = 1.2

Trimix		 Gas Mixture containing Helium, Oxygen and Nitrogen.

Heliox		 Gas Mixture containing Helium and Oxygen.

Nitrox		 Gas Mixture containing Nitrogen and Oxygen.

TC		 Tissue Compartment, is a logical tissue interface to various
		 tissues in the human body. Since each tissue has its own gas
		 dissolving time, they have been categorized into compartments.

CSV		 Comma separated values - a common file format

TSV		 Tab separated values - a common file format

Stopdepth	 The depth at which the diver needs to wait for
		 some time in order to "off-gas". Also deco stop.

WorkPress	 Working Pressure of a tank - the pressure it should
		 be filled to

StartPress	 Starting Pressure - at the beginning of a dive

EndPress	 Ending Pressure - at the end of a dive

Switch at	 the depth at which the diver wants to switch to
		 a certain gas

Device ID	 Unique ID for a specific dive computer

trip		 dives are grouped into "trips" based on their
		 individual start time. As soon as there are more than
		 48h between dives the automated algorithm will start
		 a new trip

UDDF		 standardized file format

GFHigh, GFLow	 Gradient Factors of the Buehlman algorithm. These
		 impact the way the deco obligations are calculated
		 in Subsurface. Typically these are between 20 and 100.
		 Lower is more conservative (i.e., more deco). It's
		 possible to use values below 20 and above 100 in
		 certain circumstances, but 70/30 is much more common.

CC		 Closed circuit - short for "rebreather diving"

OC		 Open circuit - traditional scuba

CC Set Point	 Rebreathers often are run with a fixed PO₂ - the "set point"

Bailing out to OC
		 in a rebreather dive the dive switches to their emergency
		 OC equipment

Auto Group	 automatically arrange dives into trips

Ceiling		 when the diver is "in deco", i.e., when the diver cannot
		 directly ascend to the surface but has to put in "stops"
		 to give their body time to "off gas" (reduce the amount of N₂
		 and potentially He in the body), there is a minimum depth
		 they should not climb above - that's the ceiling. Often a
		 diver will do a deco stop well below the ceiling

Viz		 short for visibility

belt, ankle	 weight system types - a backplate is used mostly by tech
backplate,	 divers to mount the tanks on (recreational divers have a BC,
integrated,	 tech divers usually a backplate and a wing)
clip-on

rbt		 remaining bottom time

rgt		 remainint gas time

workload	 is this a strenous dive?

deepstop	 stop well below the ceiling

safety stop	 stop at the end of a recreational dive, typically
		 3 minutes at 5 meters

below floor	 event showing dive is below the depth where the dive
		 is acruing additional deco time

OLF		 Oxygen Limit Fraction; Suunto specific term for CNS

rgbm		 reduced gradient bubble method - alternative deco
		 algorithm

non stop time	 amount of time the diver can stay at the current depth
NDL		 without going into deco

EAD		 equivalent air depth

END		 effective equivalent Nitrogen depth

EADD		 equivalent air density depth

TTS		 time to surface (including deco stop and reasonable
		 ascent speed)
